feat: allow labels to be copied to delegate pods without prefix (#213)
admiraltyio/admiralty: docs/user_guide/pod_configuration.md

---
title: Pod Configuration
custom_edit_url: https://github.com/admiraltyio/admiralty/edit/master/docs/user_guide/pod_configuration.md
---

## Label Prefixing

> Admiralty appends a prefix to the delegate pod labels `multicluster.admiralty.io/` in the target clusters. This behavior

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Admiralty prefixes delegate pod labels with `multicluster.admiralty.io/` in the target clusters. This behavior is useful in bursting cluster topologies, where the source cluster is also a target cluster, so as not to confuse controllers of proxy pods, e.g., replicasets. The behavior
```
